they are a plague that now sweeps
through the worlds of man leaving behind
a trail of dead planets and towering
icons monuments to their unholy crusade
all those poets on all those worlds who
spoke of war such an unsightly thing
they never stood here never fails to
inspire does it each time a world falls
the Necromongers a dark army that will
convert or kill every last human life
unless they can be stopped but sometimes
the only way to stop evil is not with
good you must confront it with another
kind of evil
then where does he come from who are
these people these are the things I need
to know you remember your home world
have you been to the others
how does like yourself it's not my fight
consider it a test convert now or fall
forever
are you gonna stop the monsters now I am
the monster
get Riddick he's beginning to understand
are you with me
who is this man
he sees everything
you are not the one to bring me down
you're not afraid of the dark are you